What is the current market price of BTC?
The last time I checked, it was 99,550 USD
How many coins are in circulation?
Just over 19.81 million
Who owns the most amount of Bitcoin?
Satoshi Nakamoto - that entity holds exactly 1.1 million
Who is Satoshi Nakamoto?
Satoshi Nakamoto is the so-called creator of Bitcoin. The identity of Satoshi remains a mystery. Many speculate it to be the CIA, or an individual.
Besides exchanges and Satoshi, who else owns a lot of BTC?
BlackRock, Microstrategy, Grayscale, and the United States Government.
Germany at one point had a lot, why don't they have as much now?
The German government is run by a bunch of fools. 50,000 Bitcoin was in possession, but they sold at an average of 53,000 USD per Bitcoin. Had they waited 4 months, they would have sold for an extra 1.1 billion USD.
What's the hype around Bitcoin? Why is it so sought after?
It's a store of value - people label it as "digital gold". However, its technology allows you to send any amount of money to another person across the world in ~30 minutes or less!
What's the reserve strategic act?
The United States Government is planning to purchase $76 billion worth of Bitcoin over the next 5 years. They are stockpiling to help combat inflation, and increase their store of value.
The Bitcoin Pizza Day, what is the significance of it?
Ahh, the Bitcoin Pizza Day... This is when a Florida man (typical American) bought 2 pizzas' for a total of 10,000 Bitcoin in 2010. Had he held until now, he would be in a total profit of around 990 million USD. People celebrate this day for that reason.
When is the Bitcoin Pizza Day?
May 22, 2010
Should I invest into Bitcoin?
It would be a sensible option, but I do not give out financial advice, Sorry!
Can you give me a price projection for Bitcoin in the next 2-3 months?
~ 123,000 USD
Does BTC outperform the SNP500?
Yes, and by a landslide.
When did Bitcoin first get created?
January 3, 2009
So on the day that Bitcoin got listed, how much was it going for?
Not even a penny. 0.003 to be exact. If you waited even a year and bought 2 for $2, you would have made well over 200,000. That is if you could hold.
What programming language was Bitcoin written in?
C++
Can you tell me the name of the PDF file that holds Bitcoin's Whitepaper?
"Bitcoin: A peer-to-peer Electronic Cash System"
What is 1/100,000,000 of a Bitcoin called?
1 Satoshi - it's a play on for the creator of it.
I want to buy and hold one. What's the best course of action?
Store it in a hardware wallet inside a waterproof box and dig a hole in your backyard to put it in. That way, you won't feel the need to sell it!
Why do people refer to it as the ultimate privacy tool?
Nothing is fully private. However, every transaction is registered onto the Blockchain. Once a transaction is recorded, it's immutable. This is what is meant by privacy.
Can people see how much Bitcoin I own?
Yes and no. The best analogy I can give is similar to 10 people in a room placing a $20 bill on the table, everyone walking out, then mixing the bills. You know other people have it, and you can see it, but you don't know who it belongs to.